Add FAQ to address #42 (#44)
macisamuele/language-formatters-pre-commit-hooks: README.md

    args: [--autofix, --indent, '2']
```

## Development

This tool uses tox as main tool to build virtual environments.

To get started will be enough to run `make development`.

If you have [`aactivator`](https://github.com/Yelp/aactivator) installed this step will happen automatically.

### Contributing

Contributions are _always_ welcome.

> 1. Fork the project ( <http://github.com/macisamuele/language-formatters-pre-commit-hooks/fork> )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Fork the project](http://github.com/macisamuele/language-formatters-pre-commit-hooks/fork)
```

2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Add your modifications
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

## FAQ

### How to deal with multiple Java versions?

> This might be relavant for `pretty-format-java` and `pretty-format-kotlin` hooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This might be relevant for `pretty-format-java` and `pretty-format-kotlin` hooks.
```

> The hooks depends on having `java` on version 11 or greather installed on your machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The hooks depends on having `java` on version **11** or greater installed on your machine.
```

> Still, as you're working with compiled-to-JVM languages it would be reasonable to assume that `java` would be installed on your system, but then it would not be reasonable thinking that you have the minimum required version insalled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you're working with _compiled-to-JVM_ languages, we assume that you have `java` installed on your system. You might not have the minimum required version installed.
```

> To work-around such type of issue you have 2 main approaches available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To work-around such scenario you have 2 approaches available:
```

> 1. Have multiple JAVA versions installed on your system and ensure that while running the pre-commit hooks JRE 11+ is available on your `PATH` variable (ie. `PATH=${JRE_11_PATH}:${PATH} pre-commit run`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Have multiple `java` versions installed on your system and ensure that while running the pre-commit hooks JRE 11+ is available on your `PATH` variable (ie. `PATH=${JRE_11_PATH}:${PATH} pre-commit run`).
```

2. Work around the issue by using [`docker`](https://www.docker.com/).
    ⚠: This approach has been tested (at the time of writing) on Linux and MacOS.

>     The appraoch should be prefered if you cannot install an additional JRE version on your system or if doing so is a big request (think to CI system within companies) but be aware that you ned to have `docker` installed on your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The latter approach should be preferred if you cannot install an additional JRE version on your system or if doing is unfeasible (e.g. on a CI system). Please note you need to have `docker` installed on your system.
```

    Add the following `Dockerfile` on your repository root (same directory where `.pre-commit-config.yaml` is stored)

    ```Dockerfile
    FROM python:3.7-alpine

>     # Install JRE-11 as we will run pre-commit hooks that depends an JAVA 11+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Install JRE-11 as we will run pre-commit hooks that depends an Java 11+
```

    RUN apk add --no-cache openjdk11-jre

    ENV PRE_COMMIT_HOME /pre-commit-docker-cache
    ENV PRE_COMMIT_LANGUAGE_FORMATTERS_VERSION ${version of the library to install}

    RUN set -x \
        && pip install --no-cache-dir language-formatters-pre-commit-hooks==${PRE_COMMIT_LANGUAGE_FORMATTERS_VERSION} \

        # Run pre-commit-hook to ensure that jars are downloaded and stored in the docker image
        # Run the hooks that you're planning to run within docker.
        # This reduces premission issues as well has makes all the run fast as the lazy-dependencies are pre-fetched
        && pretty-format-java  \

        # Update permissions as hooks will be run as your host-system user (your username) but the image is built as root
        && chmod a+r ${PRE_COMMIT_HOME}/*
    ```

    and the following hook into your `.pre-commit-config.yaml` file

    ```yaml
    repos:
    - repo: local
      hooks:

>       - id: pretty-format-java-in-docker    # Usful to eventually SKIP pre-commit hooks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - id: pretty-format-java-in-docker    # Useful to eventually SKIP pre-commit hooks
```

        name: pretty-format-java-in-docker  # This is required, put something sensible

>         language: docker                    # It explians itself

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        language: docker                    # Self explanatory
```
